Here it is.
I'll tell you what
It takes the longest time to ride a small electric donkey to the company in the morning
You used to work like this
There used to be a trolley
But not a few dozen cars have been sold recently.
How much money do you have
To make me work hard
Don't talk about it
Okay.
Okay, then this little electric donkey will be given to you as a gift.
Give it to me, my husband picks up my wife to work
Isn't it supposed to be?
Okay, I'm going to work.
You ride him to the hospital by yourself ah bye bye
Bye bye wife bye
Mr. Shen, your new car is wrong.
Are you envious of finding a girlfriend?
Stop being single
Our life attack
How's my communication going?
It's already done.
Shengshi Design is now Shen's Group
Affiliated company
An hour later
The CEO of Shengshi Design
Come and hand over to you in person
Di likes small houses.
You should also like small companies
Give him the prosperous design
He will definitely be very happy. Husband picks up his wife to work
Isn't it supposed to be?
Go ahead and help me find a driving school
Don't you have a driver's license?
You even have a helicopter license
eMule driving school